# README under construction -- the current README is a standard template.
# Project Title

This repo contains the code to reproduce all of the analyses in "Project",
Angeles-Albores et al. 20XX.

The raw data is available on Zenodo: DOI.

More information on the raw data on Zenodo is in the ``folder`` folder of this
repo.

#Reproducing analyses:

<!-- The paper is accompanied by a Makefile, which you can use to re-make all of the -->
<!-- analyses, figures, and tables in the paper. -->

<!-- The supplementary files are included in the final/supp-files/ folder of this
repo. Most of the folders in this repo are currently empty, and will get
populated with the results from make. The folders data/user_input and
data/lit_search are the other two folders with provided information. -->

<!-- make will download the data from Zenodo, clean and process the raw data, perform
all of the analyses in the paper, and make all of the figures and tables. -->

To run all of the analyses in this project, clone this repo, `cd` into it
and type `make`.

# Directory structure

This repo's structure follows what's recommended by Cookie Cutter Data Science.

## All data-related files are (or will be) in `data/`:

* `data_file1`: user-inputted files, including:
  * `data_file2.yaml` file containing metadata on all the datasets [included]
  * `files_for_download.txt` file that's used to download the raw data from
  Zenodo [included]

## All of the code is in the `src/` folder:

`analyses`: Code used to perform any data analysis
`dwrangle`: Code used to clean-up and tidy the data into workable formats
`final`: Code used to compile the final project
`util`: Functions and objects used in all other scripts

## Supplementary information

Supplementary info is found in the `final/` folder. Some information is already
included, and some will be regenerated by the `make` command.

`figures`:
`tables`:
`supp-files`:

## Manuscript
The raw LaTeX article can be found in the `tex/` folder and contains everything
you need to recompile the article from scratch.

## Website
`docs`: Contains everything needed to generate the website associated with this
project.
